README.md, before:

# BTC Staking Tool

Lock BTC with CLTV and create BB chain staking record.

## Requirements

- Bitcoin Core (with RPC enabled)
- Python 3.7+

## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/BounceBit-Labs/btcstake.git
cd btcstake
```

## OP_RETURN Data (Required)

Generate BB chain staking record:

```bash
./opreturn.py \
  --bb_address=<bb_chain_address> \
  --days=<lock_days> \
  --amount_btc=<amount>
```

Example output:
```
BB Address: 0x1234...
Amount BTC: 0.001
Amount mBTC: 1
Days: 30
OP_RETURN: 46535450177100...
```

## Reference Implementation

The following tools are provided as reference only:

### 1. Lock BTC

```bash
./stake.py \
  --pubkey=<public_key> \
  --days=<lock_days> \
  --amount_btc=<amount> \
  --bb_address=<bb_chain_address> \
  --change_address=<btc_address> \
  --utxos=<txid:vout,...>
```

### 2. Unlock BTC

```bash
./spend.py \
  --utxo=<txid:vout> \
  --redeem_script=<script> \
  --address=<destination>
```

## Options

- `-v, --verbose`: Show detailed output
- `-t, --test`: Test mode
- `--config`: Load config from JSON file

## Transaction Structure

- Inputs: Simple UTXOs (pubkeyhash/pubkey)
- Outputs: P2SH/P2WSH + Change + OP_RETURN
- Signing: Only requires scriptPubKey for inputs

Commit message:

add spend.py, regtest.sh

README.md, after:

# BTC Staking Tool

Lock BTC with CLTV and create BB chain staking record.

## Requirements

- Bitcoin Core v22.0+ (with RPC enabled)
- Python 3.7+

## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/BounceBit-Labs/btcstake.git
cd btcstake
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Testing

You can test the functionality on Bitcoin regtest network using:

```bash
cd src
./regtest.sh
```

This script performs a complete test of the staking functionality on a local Bitcoin regtest network, including:
- Setting up regtest environment
- Creating and funding test addresses
- Testing stake and unlock operations
- Verifying OP_RETURN data

## OP_RETURN Data (Required)

Generate BB chain staking record:

```bash
./opreturn.py \
  --bb_address=<bb_chain_address> \
  --days=<lock_days> \
  --amount_btc=<amount>
```

Example output:
```
BB Address: 0x1234...
Amount BTC: 0.001
Amount mBTC: 1
Days: 30
OP_RETURN: 46535450177100...
```

## Reference Implementation

The following tools are provided as reference only:

### 1. Lock BTC

```bash
./stake.py \
  --pubkey=<public_key> \
  --days=<lock_days> \
  --amount-btc=<amount> \
  --bb-address=<bb_chain_address> \
  --change-address=<btc_address> \
  --utxos=<txid:vout,...>
```

### 2. Unlock BTC

```bash
./spend.py \
  --utxo=<txid:vout> \
  --redeem-script=<script> \
  --address=<destination>
```

## Options

- `-v, --verbose`: Show detailed output
- `-t, --test`: Test mode
- `--config`: Load config from JSON file

## Transaction Structure

- Inputs: Simple UTXOs (pubkeyhash/pubkey)
- Outputs: P2WSH + Change + OP_RETURN
- Signing: Only requires scriptPubKey for inputs
